Oh
your wound up guys I know gameplays here
and today i'm back with another simple
tutorial today is a minecraft kind of
tutorial it's how to make a custom
pulses or custom yeah pretty much poses
for what the hell okay how to make
custom poses for example thumbnails and
stuff so why I'm doing this is because
of an obvious reason for some people
which I hate that it's so obvious so
have you ever seen those really big
youtubers who always like have great
thumbnails and if they do minecraft for
example let's take yes stampylongnose
example yeah in his sister challenge if
you seen that he has really nice real
nice thumbnail for all them but and this
is pretty much showing you how to do
that kind of pose so you can put it in
your thumbnail to make an awesome
thumbnail blow everybody's mind with
their awesomeness of that thumbnail yeah
Lulu okay so what you have to begin this
have to go on to this link minecraft
nope skin to me everything is completely
free complete legal as always I do not
support illegal stuff so if you do that
I'm not gonna judge you I'd
not gonna judge you and I true character
or anything it's just I don't do it
night on support it you do it you're
cool with it then yeah i'm just gonna
it's gonna continue okay so you begin
and with first of course having the skin
so you can make skins with this so I'm
gonna do a tutorial on that soon it'll
be coming out very soon so um yeah so
what if you have a skin or if you don't
need to make skins but what we'll talk
about that in the skin to door okay what
you need to do you need to go on this
post and then you have here so here in
the beginning you see you can check you
can do like poses people have already
made for you but that may satisfy some
people but if you're like me and it
doesn't satisfy you then you can go down
here here you have like a custom way so
for example
yeah um now let's switch back ride a
half okay so you can see here for
example if I want to bend the head see
it moves back and forward here you can
turn it so if you want to have it they
look at you from that way in your
thumbnail just do that simple than this
you can turn it so you can play without
you can play with like the arms how they
are going like to make a custom way of
how it's maybe it's saying you've told
him stuff yeah you can move the legs
it's really you can just play with that
and when also before and we go on to
saving it you can also do a cold left
and hold right you can hold objects for
example if in your thumbnail one whole
sword can hold the sword and then in the
right hand it can hold a bow and arrow
so you can it's really fun to play with
whoa what the hell happened there we go
what okay just stare stay okay okay so
you can play around with this it's
really good for thumbnails especially
because it may be really hard I'm just
gonna leave it it may be really hard to
some people even draw it out and then
pop it in and stuff so if you are tired
of all that this is such an easy such a
simple way fast way to make great
looking thumbnails great-looking
everything and everyone will just have
their minds blown Wow okay so if when
you got the pose you want okay then save
the post could take photo what you go
here you you take a photo and then you
save it save image as oh no yeah see
I've already done some custom poses to
just save that and then you can open it
and then all you need to do in any
editing software and any photoshop
software you can just erase the
background and you have so you can put
in your custom thumbnail don't say okay
that's it for this tutorial guys thank
you guys so much for watching leave a
like comment below subscribe i'll see
you in the next video of whatever i'm a
i'm gonna be posting some tutorials more
tutorials on no skin just so you know
how to make life easier for you and yeah
okay i'll see you guys later then I
guess I'm fine